Modal type theory (#701)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/orthogonal-factorization-systems/higher-modalities.lagda.md

          ( unit-higher-modality m)
          ( x' ＝ y')
          ( is-small-x'=y')
          ( is-modal-small-x'=y')))
      ( compute-rec-higher-modality m
        ( unit-higher-modality m ∘ map-equiv-is-small is-small-x'=y')
        ( p))) ∙
    ( htpy-eq
      ( distributive-map-inv-comp-equiv
        ( equiv-is-small is-small-x'=y')
        ( unit-higher-modality m , is-modal-small-x'=y'))
      ( unit-higher-modality m (map-equiv-is-small is-small-x'=y' p))) ∙
    ( ap
      ( map-inv-equiv-is-small is-small-x'=y')
      ( is-retraction-map-inv-is-equiv is-modal-small-x'=y'
        ( map-equiv-is-small is-small-x'=y' p))) ∙
    ( is-retraction-map-inv-equiv (equiv-is-small is-small-x'=y') p)
    where
      is-small-x'=y' = is-locally-small-operator-higher-modality m X x' y'
      is-modal-small-x'=y' =
        is-modal-small-identity-type-higher-modality m X x' y'

  retraction-unit-Id-higher-modality :
    {X : UU l} {x' y' : operator-higher-modality m X} →
    retraction (unit-higher-modality m {x' ＝ y'})
  pr1 retraction-unit-Id-higher-modality = map-inv-unit-Id-higher-modality
  pr2 retraction-unit-Id-higher-modality = is-section-unit-Id-higher-modality
```

> So far, we have not applied univalence. However, to get the full equivalence in
> general, this is the easiest approach. Note that univalence should not strictly
> be necessary. In the worst case, we could have given a separate definition for
> higher modalities when `l1 = l2`.

Author: ```suggestion
We get this retraction without applying univalence, so, using strong subuniverse induction we can generally avoid it. However, we appeal to univalence to get the full equivalence.
```
